Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now in our last lecture we saw how to import an entire module into our main program and what that meant
was that every function from the module was available in our main program.
And this lecture we're going to look at importing just specific functions.
Only one function.
So let's look at how we do it.
Well as you can see on the left hand side here I still have my books to buy modules open and I still
have the force function that we had in our last lecture but I've also copied and pasted in a function
from a previous lecture.
That function is book description.
And again I've removed the last couple of lines which fed information to the function and I remove the
function's calling statement as well.
So again if I were to run this now it doesn't do anything.
You can see here.
Zap zero doesn't do a thing.
Now how do we import one specific function from our module of which we have two functions into our main
program.
Well let's look at how we do that now.
So I'm going to change our first line and I'm going to say from so from books to buy so very English
friendly so from our program books to buy from our Mudgal books to buy import and what function do I
want to import.
Well let's start off at our first function.
So import books available.
OK.
So that is very English readable or very user friendly readable I suppose you might say from the Mudgal
books to buy import function books available now because we are told that much information we can remove
the module name here books to buy.
So all we need is the function name books available.
And the arguments that we are going to pass to it.
So let me run this.
There we go.
The following titles available is available to buy.
Elon Musk The Everything Store so very very simple.
Now we could change that again and we could say import book description let's just do it.
Book Description book DSC or IPT book description and we need to change this here.
So actually I'll remove this line for the moment book description
and the information that we have the past is the art or name because as we see here a book type is already
a default setting.
So we have the auto name so the auto name in this case let's say Ashley Vance
somewhere Ashley Vance's ears burning listening to the wood all the time.
We mentioned her name in these letters.
So on this program there we go is a nonfiction book the author of this book is Ashley Vance.
So as you can see there we're importing boat modules one a boat functions one at a time so we're only
importing specific functions.
Book Description and in the previous piece of code books available now the last lecture we imported
the entire module into our program.
But let's just say our module has one hundred functions in it and we only wanted to import two of them.
How would we do that.
Well we have to write separate from statements would we have to write separate programs and bring them
all together.
Probably we can separate out our functions and import more than one function with a comma.
So here we go.
Book Description actually let's just change the order of this.
Let's go back to books available.
Books available.
So we're importing the first one books available comma books book description.
There we go.
So let's see when we do that stair runs fine.
But without our force functions let's add in some information on a first function and a first function
is books available.
And let's go.
Elon Musk
and that's just oh.
Elon.
Oh don't be too happy with us.
OK.
Now let's just add in a line here.
Print statement print and let's say this is our first function.
Here we go.
OK.
And let's add another print statement here and say Print this is don't forget our opening double quotes.
This is our second function.
There we go and let's see what happens now when we run this there.
This is our first function the following titles available by Elon Musk.
And this is our second function.
That's not exactly tidy.
And why is that all the way up there.
Once because they haven't put in a new line here because this much dysfunction in the module over here
has a new line.
Let's just remove that new line this and let's just put in a new line here new line.
There we go and run it again.
There you go Big cleaner and I've left in a backsliders.
Let me just take that as we go and run it again.
OK.
The cleaner This is our first function to Fulham title is available to buy.
Elon Musk and you can see that that is our first function comes from here.
This is our second function this nonfiction book The order of this book is actually Vance.
OK so we've broken that up quite nicely there actually.
So that is how you inport specific functions into your main programs.
So like I said you can import as many functions as you want using a comma.
So if your if your module program took your module here has one hundred functions and you only want
to try for them.
You can do that with a comma.
Hope all that made sense.
If not please don't hesitate to ask me.
I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.
Thank you.